Add `Dataset::maybe_transaction` for faster database write (#591)
georust/gdal: CHANGES.md

  - Add `Defn::geometry_type` ([#562](https://github.com/georust/gdal/pull/562))
  - Add `Defn::field_index` and `Feature::field_index` ([#581](https://github.com/georust/gdal/pull/581))
  - Add `Dataset::has_capability` for dataset capability check ([#581](https://github.com/georust/gdal/pull/585))

>   - Add `Dataset::maybe_batch` which always succeeds to use transaction when possible for speed reasons -- rollbacks if operation fails under transaction ([#584](https://github.com/georust/gdal/pull/584))

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
  - Add `Dataset::maybe_batch` which runs a user function inside a transaction if the dataset supports it, as an optimization for I/O; if the function fails, the transaction may or may might be rolled back ([#584](https://github.com/georust/gdal/pull/584))
```

Author: may or may not*
